
---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

# Week 1

## Open Source
When I hear the term 'open source', my mind jumps immediately to the concepts of collaboration and the constant improvement of a product. With so many people working on a project, it becomes naturally advantageous in identifying bugs quickly and fixing them with as much speed. It also allows contributors to improve the product by implementing whatever features they'd like. However, this ironically also poses a large problem for the open source community, as with the rise in the number people that contribute to a project comes with the increased risk of buggy code/security issues. 


## Projects 

- **Blender**: blender is a free 3d computer graphics software used for creating animations, visual effects, art 3d models, etc. Although I don't use Blender today (because I switched over to Maya soon after I began dabbling in animation for its more advanced toolset), blender holds a special place in my heart for being my first introduction into the world of 3d. 

- **Wordpress**: another first for me! Wordpress is a free and open-sourced content management system based on PHP and MySQL. It's typically installed on a web server, and was done so for WordPress.com, a website that hosted my first ever blog as a teenager. I was able to archive all my angsty and hopeful teenage thoughts into the website and format them with pretty themes. However, being the flighty and unloyal user I typically am, I eventually switched over to Blogger.com, and ultimately Tumblr.com for their more user-friendly interfaces. 


- **Gimp**: Gimp is a free image manipulation software that also allowed me to dabble in the world of art. It serves as a really adequate alternative to Photoshop, as they share very similar features. The most important feature for me with GIMP is the frame manipulation one, which allows me to make GIFs with the picture frames that I would collect using VLC player - which comes next in the list. 


- **VLC Player**: This is one of my favorite apps on my laptop. VLC is a free, portable and cross-platfrom media player. I'm very partial to VLC because I'm a big fan of downloading my favorite series episodes/movies on my Macbook either for entertainment during flights or creating fan videos. While Quicktime is a fine media player, it only supports a very limited video format, whereas VLC not only supports a wide range of formats/codecs/etc, but allows you to convert between them easily. Thank u VLC. 


## Questions for Tom
1. What's your #1 pet peeve when it comes to the world of open source?
2. How closely do you get to interact with the contributors to your project?