---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---


**Open Data Week NYC**

This week, I attended Talk Data To Me, an NYC Open Data Week event dedicated to covering real-world scenarios in which data has driven business success and discussing how data can be a powerful weapon for problem-solving. I enjoyed this event significantly more than the previous! I thought the speakers were very engaging, largely due to the fact that the businesses they represented used data in ways that were relevant to me. 

I particularly enjoyed the presentation of a speaker who explained the future of AI, which he explained is moving towards connecting AI with human emotions. He explained that his company gathered data concerning the opinions of their consumers to understand that emotions in AI are highly desired. 

Another interesting presentation was given by a .dash (formerly known as About.com) speaker, who explained the huge potential of the company due to the 20 years of data they've collected. She described the various patterns they have observed as a company based on that data, and their relevance and significance to societal and professional problems. 

Overall, I enjoyed the presentation, and thought it was illumaniting on the subject of data in terms of business success - however, I didn't really consider any of the presentations particularly pertinent to open data (with the mild exception of the dotdash presentation, which actually involved closed data). 


**Google's Approach to Open Source** 
I also found the description of Google's open source projects illuminating! I had no idea that Google was involved in so many open source projects - this is obviously a positive thing as it encourages non-Googlers to be involved. However, I do think that it's cumbersome to not be privy to parts of the internal repo - this doesn't seem like it would not be the optimal working environment for an open source contributor. 

**Go Code of Conduct**
Although Code of Conducts may seem intuitive (because they usually mention rules that can be considered the basic standards of decency), it's important to have these rules established so you have an explicit document to refer back to if these standards aren't met. It also sets the tone for the kind of environment that is being built. 

[Brackets Code of Conduct](https://github.com/adobe/brackets/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

**Team Update**
Our team progress is going well! We all have our individual assignments and have been active in our discussion of the final merge of all projects. We feel like we all have an equal amount of work to do - Zander has created the mock up of our plugin, and I'm working on the HTML/CSS code to create it. Hope to be done with that by the end of this week. 

