---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


The Open Source World - Humanitarians?

The Merrian Webster dictionary defines the word "humanitarian" (adj) as "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people." To apply this term to those who contribute to the world of open source, which can involve simply submitting an issue that reports the misallignment of a website button, seems a bold statement. But the fundamental concept of open source is one that  perpetuates the constant improvement of a service/project/product. Wikipedia, for example, serves as an open source project that I would consider humanitarian, largely due to its mission to educate/provide the world with free information, as well as the selfless approach of the community - to give and expect nothing in return. In this sense, one could apply the 'humanitarian' description, as the community works to improve the lives of the people who use Wikipedia by providing them with free, accessible, and quick information.

**Group Progress**
Our group has successfully created our Trello board with all of our milestones, planned and in-progess. We have all successfully set up our development environments, as well as read up on the relevant documentation for our project. Now, we will be focusing on familiarizing ourselves with the codebase and picking out small, easier issues (identified by labels) to play around with. 


**Contributions** 
This week I made three contributions to the **Wikipedia** community:
1. I [updated](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Anna_Karenina_(2012_film)&oldid=832452822) the name of actor Aaron Taylor-Johnson from his previous name, Aaron Johnson, in the Anna Karenina info box. 
2. I corrected the subscriber count of Youtuber/make-up artist [Tanya Burr](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Tanya_Burr&oldid=832456004).
3. Elaborated major plot points in the plot description of the novel, [Red Queen](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Red_Queen_(novel)&oldid=832459608). 

[Open Street Map Contributions](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/daddybanjo/history#map=19/40.73902/-73.98309)

4. The Duane Reade beside my building closed down and was replaced with an HSBC, so I updated this on Open Street Map 
5. I also added a local bar to the map. 

In addition to the 3 contributions I made for our class exercises, and the 2 previous Wikipedia contributions I made, I now have **10** contributions!




